Blame that trash
Let us lose the protection of Huacan Group
He was even more despised by those villains. Shut up.
What the hell?
We'll wait here for Nuzu to come
But Dad was turned away
So embarrassing
Shame here now
We can't get cooperation.
homesick bankruptcy
There's no shame in our family begging outside
After today
Are you officially the chairperson of Huacan Group?
Under one man above ten thousand
Grandma, don't worry.
Grandpa knows you need experience
There will be a trace by your side to assist you
No matter what the young master does in the future
Tell Sisi
Thank you. How's the dinner going?
It's all set.
It's just that the security just said
Jiang Jiang's group of people were clamoring to come in at the door